>> HI.
WELCOME.
WELCOME, BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE.
WELCOME TO THE DOLL BBY THEATRE
GREETINGS TO OUR VIEWERS ALL
AROUND THE WORLD.
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING.
THANK YOU VERY HAVING ME.
IT IS A GREAT HONOR TO BE
INVITED BACK FOR A SECOND TIME.
IT'S A GREAT HONOR TO BE HERE
AMONG SO MANY TALENTED WOMEN AND
MEN.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF YOU.
WE'RE AT THE OSCARS.
SOME OF YOU WILL BE GOING HOME
TONIGHT WITH AN ACADEMY AWARD.
WHAT COULD BE BETTER THAN THAT?
NOTHING, RIGHT?
SO -- OH.
I DO WANT TO MENTION.
THIS YEAR, WHEN YOU HEAR YOUR
NAME CALLED, DON'T GET UP RIGHT
AWAY.
GIVE US A MINUTE.
WE DON'T WANT ANOTHER THING.
WHAT HAPPENED LAST YEAR WAS
UNFORTUNATE, I'VE NOT TOLD THE
STORY IN PUBLIC BECAUSE I WANTED
TO SAVE IT FOR TONIGHT, BUT
HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED.
THIS IS TRUE.
LAST YEAR, ABOUT A WEEK BEFORE
THE SHOW, THE PRODUCERS ASKED ME
IF I WANTED TO DO SOME COMEDY
WITH THE ACCOUNTANTS, I SAID,
NO, I DON'T WANT TO DO THAT.
SO, THE ACCOUNTANTS WENT AHEAD
AND DID COMEDY ON THEIR OWN.
AND I HAVE TO HAND IT TO THEM,
IT WAS HILARIOUS, BUT IT WON'T
HAPPEN AGAIN.
THIS TIME, THE CHAIRMAN OF
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS SAID, AND
I QUOTE, OUR SINGULAR FOCUS WILL
BE ON THE SHOW AND DELIVERING
THE CORRECT ENVELOPES, WHICH
IS -- DOES MAKE SENSE.
JUST OUT OF CURIOSITY, WHAT WAS
YOUR FOCUS THE OTHER 89 YEARS?
I'M HOPEFUL THAT THINGS WILL GO
SMOOTHLY TONIGHT.
WE CAN'T RUIN THIS ONE.
THIS IS A SPECIAL YEAR.
THIS IS A BIG ONE.
THESE ARE THE 90th ACADEMY
AWARDS.
THIS IS HISTORY HAPPENING RIGHT
HERE.
OUR FRIEND OSCAR -- OSCAR IS 90
YEARS OLD TONIGHT, WHICH MEANS
HE'S PROBABLY AT HOME RIGHT NOW
WATCHING FOX NEWS.
OF COURSE -- NO, OSCAR IS HERE
WITH US.
AFTER ALL THE YEARS, AFTER ALL
THE AWARDS GIVEN FOR
ACHIEVEMENTS IN SHOW BUSINESS,
OSCAR IS STILL NUMBER ONE.
NO QUESTION ABOUT IT.
OSCAR IS THE MOST BELOVED AND
RESPECTED MAN IN HOLLYWOOD.
AND THERE'S A VERY GOOD REASON
WHY.
JUST LOOK AT HIM.
KEEPS HIS HANDS WHERE YOU CAN
SEE THEM.
NEVER SAYS A RUDE WORD.
AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, NO PENIS
AT ALL.
HE IS LITERAL LITTLE A STATUE OF
LIMITATIONS.
AND THAT'S THE KIND OF MEN WE
NEED MORE OF IN THIS TOWN.
HERE'S HOW CLUELESS HOLLYWOOD IS
ABOUT WOMEN.
WE MADE A MOVIE CALLED "WHAT
WOMEN WANT" AND IT STARRED MEL
GIBSON.
KIND OF ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW.
THE ACADEMY AS YOU ARE NO DOUBT
AWARE TOOK ACTION LAST YEAR TO
EXPEL HARVEY WEINSTEIN FROM
THEIR RANKS.
THERE WERE A LOT OF GREAT
NOMINEES, BUT HARVEY DESERVED IT
THE MOST.
AND -- OH, THAT'S NICE.
VERY SWEET.
SO, I'M SURE HE'LL APPRECIATE
THAT APPLAUSE.
THE ACADEMY KICKED HIM OUT AND
AFTER THEY DID, I WAS CURIOUS,
SO, I LOOKED IT UP.
YOU KNOW THE ONLY OTHER PERSON
TO BE EXPELLED FROM THE ACADEMY,
EVER, WAS A CHARACTER ACTOR
NAMNA, HE
WAS KICKED OUT FOR SHARING
SCREENERS.
HE GOT THE SAME PUNISHMENT AS
HARVEY WEINSTEIN FOR GIVING HIS
NEIGHBOR A COPY OF "SEABISCUIT"
ON VHS.
BUT WHAT HAPPENED WITH HARVEY,
WHAT'S HAPPENING ALL OVER WAS
LONG OVERDUE.
WE CAN'T LET BAD BEHAVIOR SLIDE
ANYMORE.
THE WORLD IS WATCHING US.
WE NEED TO SET AN EXAMPLE.
AND THE TRUTH IS, IF WE ARE
SUCCESSFUL HERE, IF WE CAN WORK
TOGETHER TO STOP SEXUAL
HARASSMENT IN THE WORKPLACE, IF
WE CAN DO THAT, WOMEN WILL ONLY
HAVE TO DEAL WITH HARASSMENT ALL
THE TIME AT EVERY OTHER PLACE
THEY GO.
OVER THE COURSE OF THIS EVENING,
I HOPE YOU WILL LISTEN TO MANY
BRAVE AND OUTSPOKEN SUPPORTERS
OF MOVEMENTS LIKE ME TOO AND
TIME'S UP AND NEVER AGAIN,
BECAUSE WHAT THEY'RE DOING IS
IMPORTANT.
THINGS ARE CHANGING FOR THE
BETTER, THEY'RE MAKING SURE OF
THAT.
IT IS POSITIVE CHANGE.
THIS IS A NIGHT FOR POSITIVITY
AND OUR PLAN IS TO SHINE A LIGHT
ON A GROUP OF OUTSTANDING AND
INSPIRING FILMS, EACH AND EVERY
ONE OF WHICH GOT CRUSHED BY
"BLACK PANTHER" THIS WEEKEND.
WHICH, THAT'S -- THAT'S OKAY.
THE SUCCESS OF "BLACK PANTHER"
IS ONE OF MANY POSITIVE STORIES
THIS YEAR.
ESPECIALLY FOR AFRICAN-AMERICANS
AND BOB IGER.
"BLACK PANTHER" AND "WONDER
WOM
WOMAN" WERE MASSIVE HITS.
I REMEMBER A TIME WHEN THE MAJOR
STUDIOS DIDN'T BELIEVE A WOMAN
OR A MINORITY COULD OPEN A SUPER
HERO MOVIE AND THE REASON I
REMEMBER THAT TIME WAS BECAUSE
IT WAS MARCH OF LAST YEAR.
BUT -- THIS YEAR, WE HAVE A LOT
TO CELEBRATE.
CEILINGS HAVE BEEN SHATTERED.
WE HAVE OUR FIRST EVER FEMALE
NOMINEE FOR CINEMATOGRAPHY.
WHICH IS HISTORIC.
SO MANY OF TONIGHT'S NOMINEES
ARE MAKING HISTORY, AND, IN
FACT, IF YOU ARE A NOMINEE
TONIGHT WHO ISN'T MAKING
HISTORY -- SHAME ON YOU.
GRETA GERWIG IS THE FIRST WOMAN
TO BE NOMINATED FOR DIRECTOR IN
EIGHT YEARS.
AND THAT'S IMPORTANT.
ONLY 11% OF MOVIES ARE DIRECTED
BY WOMEN.
AND THAT IS NUTS.
WE STILL HAVE A VERY LONG WAY TO
GO IN THAT DEPARTMENT, AND A
VERY LONG WAY TO GO WHEN IT
COMES TO EQUAL PAY.
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU LOOK AT WHAT
HAPPENED WITH MARK WAHLBERG AND
MICHELLE WILLIAMS.
WE ALL KNOW THE STORY.
MARK WELL BERG WAS PAID $1.5
MILLION TO RESHOOT HIS SCENES
WHILE MICHELLE WILLIAMS FOR HE
RESHOOTS GOT PER DIEM.
CHEF WAS PAID $80 A DAY FOR THE
SAME THING.
AND WHAT MADE IT ESPECIALLY
UNFAIR IS THAT MARK AND MICHELLE
ARE REPRESENTED BY THE SAME
AGENCY.
AND I HAVE TO ADMIT, THIS STORY
REALLY SURPRISED ME.
THIS ONE SHOOK ME, BECAUSE IF WE
CAN'T TRUST AGENTS -- WHO CAN WE
TRUST?
TO HIS CREDIT, MARK WAHLBERG
ANNOUNCED HE WOULD BE DONATING
ALL $1.5 MILLION TO THE TIME'S
UP LEGAL DEFENSE FUND.
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO, I GUESS NOW THE BALL'S IN
YOUR COURT, MICHELLE.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH
THAT 80 BUCKS?
IN THE MEANTIME, TRIPLE
CONGRATULATIONS ARE IN ORDER FOR
THE KID FROM COMEDY CENTRAL,
JORDAN PEELE, WHO HAD A HUGE
SUCCESS WITH HIS MOVIE, "GET
OUT."
JORDAN IS ONLY THE THIRD PERSON
IN 90 YEARS TO BE NOMINATED FOR
DIRECTING, WRITING AND BEST
PICTURE FOR HIS DEBUT FILM.
AND WHAT -- WHAT A DEBUT IT WAS.
NONE OTHER THAN PRESIDENT TRUMP
CALLED "GET OUT" THE BEST FIRST
THREE-QUARTERS OF A MOVIE THIS
YEAR.
MARGOT ROBBIE HAD A GREAT YEAR.
SHE SCORED HER FIRST NOMINATION
FOR HER PORTRAYAL OF TONYA
HARDING IN "I, TONYA" AND WAS
TERRIFIC.
WHOSE KNEECAPS DID TONYA HARDING
HAVE TO BREAK TO GET THIS DREAM
CASTING?
BECAUSE, I MEAN, THAT WAS -- IF
THEY MADE A MOVIE ABOUT MY LIFE,
BEST CASE SEE FAIR OWE, I'D BE
PLAYED BY JIM BELUSHI.
ANOTHER YOUNG ACTOR NOMINATED
FOR THE FIRST TIME IS TIMOTHEE
CHALAMET, WHO LOOKS VERY DASHING
TONIGHT.
LOOK AT THAT TUX.
ARE YOU HAVING FUN?
THIS IS A BIG DEAL.
HE'S MISSING "PAW PATROL" TO BE
HERE TONIGHT.
DON'T WORRY, RYDER AND HIS TEAM
OF PUPS SAVED THE DAY.
HE'S THE STAR OF A SMALL BUT
POWERFUL STORY "CALL ME BY YOUR
NAME."
ONLY TWO OF THE BEST PICTURE
MOVIES MADE MORE THAN $100
MILLION.
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
WE DON'T MAKE FILMS FOR MONEY.
WE MAKE THEM TO UPSET MIKE
PENCE.
RIGHT?
HE'S THE YOUNGEST BEST ACTOR
NOMINEE IN ALMOST 80 YEARS, AND
ON THE OTHER END OF THE ABACUS,
WE HAVE OUR OLDEST ACTING
NOMINEE EVER, THE MAGNIFICENT
CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER IS 88 YEARS
OLD AND STILL GOING STRONG.
MAYBE THIS IS NOT THE PLACE, BUT
I WANT TO ASK YOU, HOW DOES
LIN-MANUEL MIRANDA COMPARE TO
THE REAL ALEXANDER HAMILTON?
AND ONCE AGAIN, RIGHT HERE IN
THE FRONT ROW, MAYBE THE
GREATEST ACTOR OF ALL TIME,
MERYL STREEP IS HERE WITH US.
SHE EARNED HER 21st OSCAR
NOMINATION.
HE FILM CAREER STARTED IN 1977.
THE LONGEST SHE EVER WENT
WITHOUT BEING NOMINATED WAS FROM
1992 TO 1995.
WHICH -- AND THAT'S ONLY BECAUSE
THOSE WERE THE YEARS SHE WAS IN
PRISON, AND THAT, I THINK, IS
AMAZING.
THE MOST NOMINATED MOVIE
TONIGHT, A FILM THAT'S UP FOR 13
OSCARS IS "THE SHAPE OF WATER,"
WRITTEN AND DIRECTED BY
GUILLERMO DEL TORO, A WONDERFUL
MAN.
CONGRATULATIONS, I'M VERY HAPPY
FOR GUILLERMO.
YOU MADE A BEAUTIFUL MOVIE AND
THANKS TO GUILLERMO WE WILL
ALWAYS REMEMBER THIS YEAR AS THE
YEAR MEN SCREWED UP SO BADLY,
WOMEN STARTED DATING FISH.
OKAY, BEFORE WE START HANDING
OUT THE AWARDS, SOME HISTORY,
BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO DO THINGS
A LITTLE BIT DIFFERENTLY.
THE FIRST OSCAR CEREMONY LASTED,
AND THIS IS TRUE, 15 MINUTES.
FROM BEGINNING TO END.
PEOPLE STILL COMPLAINED.
BUT -- SO, IF YOU DO WIN AN
OSCAR TONIGHT, WE WANT YOU TO
GIVE A SPEECH, WE WANT YOU TO
SAY WHATEVER YOU FEEL NEEDS TO
BE SAID, SPEAK FROM THE HEART,
WE WANT PASSION, YOU HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY AND A PLATFORM TO
REMIND MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ABOUT
IMPORTANT THINGS LIKE EQUAL
RIGHTS AND EQUAL TREATMENT, IF
YOU WANT TO ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO
JOIN THE AMAZING STUDENTS AT
PARKLAND AT THEIR MARCH ON THE
24th, DO THAT.
IF YOU WANT TO THANK A FAVORITE
TEACHER, DO THAT.
OR MAYBE YOU JUST WANT TO THANK
YOUR PARENTS, TELL YOUR KIDS TO
GO TO SLEEP.
WHAT YOU SAY IS ENTIRELY UP TO
YOU.
DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
BUT WITH THAT SAID, THIS IS A
REALLY LONG SHOW.
SO, HERE'S WHAT WE'RE GOING TO
DO.
NOT SAYING YOU SHOULDN'T GIVE A
LONG SPEECH, BUT WHOEVER GIVES
THE SHORTEST SPEECH TONIGHT WILL
GO HOME WITH, JOHNNY, TELL THEM
WHAT THEY'LL WIN.
>> IT'S A BRAND NEW JET SKI!
EASY COMFORT ON THE 2018
KAWASAKI 310-LX.
THE NUMBER ONE CHOICE FOR
WATERCRAFT ENTHUSIASTS.
RETAIL PRICE, $17,999.
BACK TOW, JIMMY.
>> THANK YOU, HELEN.
HELEN MIRREN NOT INCLUDED.
SO -- THERE YOU GO.
WHY WASTE PRECIOUS TIME THANKING
YOUR MOM WHEN YOU COULD BE
TAKING HER FOR THE RIDE OF HER
LIFE ON A BRAND NEW JET SKI?
THIS IS NOT A JOKE.
I WILL BE TIMING YOU.
I HAVE A STOP WATCH.
THE MOMENT YOU ARE HANDED THAT
OSCAR, THE CLOCK WILL START
TICKING, SO, GET UP HERE, GRAB
IT AND GO.
AND IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT OF A
TIE, I NEED TO SAY, THE JET SKI
WILL BE AWARDED TO CHRISTOPHER